docs: clearly explain report rendering to ZIP archive (#3357)
snakemake/snakemake: docs/snakefiles/reporting.rst

            file=f,
        )

.. _snakefiles-rendering_reports:

Rendering reports
-----------------

> All the metadata contained in the report (e.g. runtime statistics) is automatically collected during the rendering of the report.

Reviewer: "are automatically"? As metadata are plural?

Author: I went back and forth on this. Grammatically correct is the plural, but singular is also acceptable. So let's maybe go with grammatically correct:
```suggestion
All the metadata contained in the report (e.g. runtime statistics) are automatically collected during the rendering of the report.
```

These statistics are obtained from the metadata that is stored in the ``.snakemake`` directory inside your working directory.

.. _snakefiles-self_contained_html_file:

Self-contained HTML file
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To create a default report simply run

.. code-block:: bash

    snakemake --report

after your workflow has finished successfully.

> This will implicitly assume a report file name of ``report.html`` and will create this self-contained HTML report.

Reviewer: This will create a report file named ``report.html`` which includes a self-contained HTML report.

The words "implicitly assume" are semantically wrong associated with the output, because, the file name is a default and hence, it will "implicitly create". But then, it is explicitly created ... . Perhaps the shortened version above will do?

Author: What about:
```suggestion
This will create a self-contained HTML report with the default filename ``report.html``.
```

If you want to give your report a custom name, you can do so by specifying this on the command-line:

.. code-block:: bash

    snakemake --report my_report.html

As specifying an HTML file for the report will always embed any user-defined report outputs into the same HTML file, this report output type is only suitable for smaller reports.

.. _snakefiles-self_contained_zip_archive:

Self-contained ZIP archive
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For anything more complex, it is recommended to generate a ``ZIP`` archive report.
For example, if you have lots of samples you report on, or if you specified lots of different workflow outputs for report inclusion.
To get such a self-contained ``ZIP`` archive, simply specify a ``.zip`` file name instead:

.. code-block:: bash

    snakemake --report some_report.zip

> You can move this file wherever you need it and then unpack it.

Reviewer: You can move this file to wherever you want to view it and then unpack it.

??

Reviewer: much better, indeed!

The main entry point is always the ``report.html`` file in the main folder that this creates (for the above example, this folder will be named ``some_report``).
Just open that file in a web browser and explore your results.

Partial reports
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The report can be restricted to particular jobs and results by specifying targets at the command line, analog to normal Snakemake execution.
For example, with

.. code-block:: bash

    snakemake fig1.svg --report report-short.html

the report contains only ``fig1.svg``.

> This can for example be useful when a larger workflow has not yet run to completion, but you already want to explore some intermediate outputs in the report.

Reviewer: Erase the qualifier "for example" - no need.

Author: ```suggestion
This can be useful when a larger workflow has not yet run to completion, but you already want to explore some intermediate outputs in the report.
```
